Docs update for v0.1.10 (#368)
QuantStack/voila: docs/source/customize.rst

When users run ``voila`` by hitting the ``voila/`` endpoint, this configuration
will be used.

Serving static files
====================

> Unlike the Jupyter lab or classical notebook server, ``voila`` does not serve

Reviewer: I think this is the "official" spelling?

```suggestion
Unlike JupyterLab or the classic notebook server, ``voila`` does not serve
```
